IM - Support Workflows provisioning for Embedded Terraform (#1894)
ManageIQ/manageiq_docs: managing_providers/_topics/automation_management_providers.md

5. In the navigation bar, click **Services** > **Catalogs** > **Catalog Items**.

6. Click **Configuration** > **Add a New Catalog Item** by selecting one of the two Catalog Item Type available for Terraform Template:

   - **Terraform Template (deprecated)**: Supports Automate engine.

>    - **Terraform Template**: Supports both Workflow and Automate engines.

Reviewer: What's the difference between:

**Terraform Template (deprecated)**
and
**Terraform Template**

Is this a typo or do they have the exact same name but one is deprecated?

One supports automate engine and one supports both workflow and automate engines???

Is it Workflows or Workflow, singular?

cc @putmanoj @agrare

Reviewer: The title of the PR is Workflows, we use Workflow here.  I don't know which is correct, but we should be consistent with anywhere else we document workflow/workflows.

Reviewer: Also, we say automate engine and automate engines... we should be consistent as these two lines are quite confusing.  I really have no idea what it's trying to say and what exactly is deprecated and what's not.

Reviewer 2: Should be workflows and automate engine.
The deprecated method used a hard coded automate workspace entrypoint, the new method can use automate or workflows and can be overridden by the end user

Reviewer: ok, we should name that better because it's not clear what's deprecated

     - In **Provisioning**, select the **Cloud Type**, and then select the **Credential** to connect to the cloud.

     - In **Provisioning**, if you want to enter additional information when you run the task, select **Service Catalog**. A dialog is required when **Display in Catalog** is selected.

     - In **Provisioning**, select one of the following options to create a service dialog:

       * **Use Existing**: Select the service dialog that you created previously.
       * **Create New**: Provide a name to create a new service dialog. When the catalog item is saved, the service dialog is created with a **Terraform Template Variables** section, which contains a text box input for each input variable in the Terraform template. To modify the dialog, navigate to **Automation** > **Automate** > **Customization** > **Service Dialogs**, select the service dialog, and then select **Edit this dialog** from the **Configuration** menu.

     - Click **Save**.

   - **Terraform Template** selected for **Catalog Item Type**:

     - Enter a **Name** for the service catalog item.

>      - Select **Display in Catalog**.

Reviewer 2: This is an option so I don't think we should simply state that it should be selected.  There's a reason to not select it (you aren't ready to expose it to your end users yet)

Author: To add (Optional) before the step.

     - For Catalog, select the catalog that you created previously.

>      - For Dialog, select Service Dialog, that you created previously.

Reviewer: For Dialog, select the Service Dialog that you created previously.

     - For **Provisioning Entry Point**:

       * Click the entry point type field to reveal the **Embedded Automate** and **Embedded Workflow** options.

       * Select **Embedded Workflow**.

       * Click the browse icon to view the available workflow entry points.

>        * Select **provision.asl**.

Reviewer 2: This is the builtin that we ship with, but we should mention here that if the user has created their own ASL workflow they can also select that.  It simply has to call the `manageiq://provision_execute` step at some point in the state machine.

Author: To add the following note:
> **Note:** You can also select a custom ASL workflow. It must call the `manageiq://provision_execute` step at some point in the state machine.

>        * Next click on the icon to see the available workflow entry points.

Reviewer: missing comma
Next, click on the icon to see the available workflow entry points

       * Click **Apply** to confirm the selection.

>      - For **Retirement Entry Point**, select **retire.asl** by following the same steps.

Reviewer 2: Same comment here re: retire.asl or one the user has created

Author: To rewrite to the following:
For **Retirement Entry Point**, select **retire.asl** or your custom ASL workflow by following the same steps.

@agrare Do we need a note something like the following?
> **Note:** A custom workflow must call the retirement execute step at some point in the state machine.

>        * Click on **Apply** button to confirm selection.

Reviewer: Do we use `Click on` in other parts of the documentation? we use click on here a lot.  Not sure how consistent it is elsewhere.

>      - **Note**: For **Reconfigure Entry Point**, built-in Embedded Workflow entry point is not yet available, this will be available in future release.

Reviewer: Missing 'the', split into two sentences:

```
**Note**: For **Reconfigure Entry Point**, the built-in Embedded Workflow entry point is not yet available. This will be available in a future release.
```

     - In **Request Info**:

>        * In Requester, entry requester E-Mail.

Reviewer: typo, `enter requester E-mail`

Reviewer: should this be email?

     - Click **Save**.

   - **Terraform Template** selected for **Catalog Item Type**:

     - Enter a **Name** for the service catalog item.

     - (Optional) Select **Display in Catalog**.

     - For **Catalog**, select the catalog that you created previously.

     - For **Dialog**, select the service dialog that you created previously.

     - For **Provisioning Entry Point**:

       * Click the entry point type field to reveal the **Embedded Automate** and **Embedded Workflow** options.

       * Select **Embedded Workflow**.

       * Click the browse icon to view the available workflow entry points.

       * Select **provision.asl**.

         > **Note:** You can also select a custom ASL workflow. It must call the `manageiq://provision_execute` step at some point in the state machine.

       * Click **Apply** to confirm the selection.

>      - For **Retirement Entry Point**, select **retire.asl** or your custom ASL workflow by following the same steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - For **Retirement Entry Point**, select **retire.asl** or a custom ASL workflow.  It must call `manageiq://retire_execute` at some point in the state machine.
```

Reviewer 2: Pushed https://github.com/ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation/pull/1894/commits/34a99305504a33f05498cf5c4a0ff10f9a161f17 to add this change as well as make the provision and retirement sections consistent.
